hey husband Ronnie mr. Brian hundreds
here are old is numero uno so let's get
into this review best BCA from BPI
sports now the difference between this
and your general run on the metal BCA
product these are peptide bond it BCA's
aglio peptide bonds to be specific and
why are they peptide bond it well when
I'm BCA or any amino is peptide bond it
it allows it to be shelled into the
muscle faster you know helps travel at a
more efficient rate throughout the
bloodstream into the muscle into the
muscle and also per two scoops you can
read that for yourself I'm sure you can
see it 10 grams BCA's 2 grams of CLA and
a half a grand magma teen now CLA helps
your body use store fat his energy and
then you got the agmatine to increase
blood flow then you get your peptide
bond at 10 grams amino acids / 2 scoops
so overall this is a very effective
primed I like it tastes great this
flavor right here is that the blue
raspberry flavor I can't see that yeah I
also had the watermelon watermelon takes
terrific as well some reason with this
the blue raspberry kind of mixes up
weird like you shake it shake it and a
lot of stuff floats to the bottom it
doesn't do that with a watermelon when
you shake up the watermelon and mixes up
clear nothing's floating but the blue
raspberry gets kind of like it's not
gritty with sticks to your teeth so
weird No No maybe just a flavoring is
off but either way it tastes great so
BPI products taste great and it's 30
servings in here I take one pre workout
with my fruit
got supplement stomping in there and I
pulled boot pull one in there scoop pour
it in there with my post-workout
carbohydrates openness oh just getting
an anabolic motor run so a okay best bc
a BPI sports a post a link to the
website BP I'd website also post this
ingredient profile in the description
box thanks for watching like it share it
with your friends other than that nope
we gotta do with this and whoop see ya
stop it stop click